My name is Aryan Rai, and I am pursuing my B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering from Galgotias University. I chose this course because I am extremely passionate about Computer Science and various fields within it. When I was in 5th standard my father introduced me to programming and the act of watching text perform miracles on a screen fascinated me so much that it changed my life forever. And since then I knew what I had to do in life. As I explored this universe of Computer Science I discovered all the different fields like Computer Graphics, Artificial Intelligence, Quantum Computation, Cyber Security, Data Science, etc. that made me think of endless possibilities and reassured my love for this subject. My primary focus was on Game Development. It attracted me the most because in game development you can see the result of your work in the most visually satisfying manner, however as I learned more and more about different fields and how I can integrate one into another, for example, Data Visualization, AI-based Simulations, etc. I developed an interest in other fields too. My goal is to learn as much as I can and hopefully contribute to this community as much as I can. Other than the technical side, I also like to sing, play video games, edit photos and videos, speed-cube and most of all try new things. My weaknesses are stage fright, social anxiety, and fear of not being perfect. But my biggest strength is to adapt, and I am willing to overcome all my weaknesses in order to progress and improve myself.